going to give you the lowest value of
the errors also the search space when we
especially with grid search might be
limited for example we are searching for
these three values of hyper parameter
one what of the optimal value lies
outside these values right that is also
a limitation when we deal with both of
these approaches so these are dropbacks
but the biggest dropback with both of
these approaches is this now let's say
here the red points and the green points
are the points that you have hyper
parameter one and Hyper parameter yp2
hyper parameter 2 now these points these
Reds and these greens are the points
that the model has already trained on
the whites are yet to be trained now we
know that the model is performing good
in this region and it's not so good in
this region now with this information
this information is not used both of in
both of grid search as well as random
search but if this is the information
given to you what would be the value or
what would be the values that you would
try for your next iteration they more
likely to try around this area isn't it
because this is green this is doing well
right because this area is doing well we
will try and find out for this